uni06zeta initial version (#159)
openstack-k8s-operators/architecture: examples/dt/uni06zeta/README.md

cinder-backup expected to compress the backups.

#### Cinder backend - LVM

It is assumed that worker nodes or the master nodes have extra disks(or loopack device)
and there exists a logical volume group with the name *cinder-volumes*. If not, a
for example a `MachineConfig` can be used to create one.

The LVM backend for Cinder is a special case as the storage data is on the
OpenShift node and has no external storage systems. The target ips are not managed by
the operators, recommended to create dedicated label for each target serving node
and configure the storage ips of each cinder-volume instance with LVM backend.

## Testing tree

| Test framework   | When to run          | Special configuration |
| ---------------- | -------------------- | ----------------------|
| relevant volume tests | tempest stage |           |
| relevant image tests  | tempest stage |           |
| relevant object-storage tests  | tempest stage |           |
| relevant networking tests | tempest stage | full CentOS/RHEL image  |
| horizon integration   | own stage (post-tempest)|           |

> ## Addition steps

Reviewer: Additional

Please add the 'al'

> In case you are testing on sinlge hypervor the hypervor "router" should have somthing like:

Reviewer 2: `s/sinlge/single`
`s/hypervor/hypervisor`
`s/somthing/something`

> In case you are testing on sinlge hypervor the hypervor "router" should have somthing like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In case you are testing on a single hypervisor,  the hypervisor routing interface should be configured using `ip` and `iptables`:
```
